all right hello is public see why I'm
doing something you've never seen me do
before attempting a wow raid we have a
good 40 people here nesta I'm gonna let
this run MercyMe we are probably gonna
fail wish I so my dear friend code guild
leader i play on shoe halo by the way if
anyone join me a little yeah
what are you see rocky one freaking
level shit cuz i just started this
character maybe i've been playing for a
couple of years now and just reach
little 7 i'm still pretty much bad gear
wise because i took a one year break
when Pandaria came out i got to low 90
it was like a kind of tired on this game
but now I'm back yeah guess I'll skin
for words when we start the ring guys
should I leroy jenkins it right now and
Leroy Jenkinson gut Oh what let's do
this leeroy yeah I know what it is it's
gonna sell lehrer Jenkinson up at all
three days
like helping cool downs
anyone die yet I don't know
hard
I don't think
Oh
p so forth you later
cell
i SAT building
Oh
how many thanks either
how many healers this morning
Oh
oh my
oh yeah
healing
I am
wait
my internet did you know I'm still on
scared
yeah kill them yes what'd you get a
shiny pile of refuse click to open on
your gold three giant dinosaur bones did
we lose him I'm new I'm to you don't
loot him a fuck what is wrong with my
internet it's on my internets on but it
says it's not well this is public seal
and signing up